### Note: This repository is still in development. All the code has been made available here. A breakdown of this system will be provided later.

# powerMonitorSystem

A system that enables user to monitor and record power output to an ultrasound transducer during focused ultrasound (FUS) nueromodulation experiements. There are both hardware and software components to this power monitor system. The two main hardware components are the PicoScope 5242b and a bi-directional coupler.  This system provides an accessible and affordable method to monitor power in real-time and log this data for retroactive analysis for both event-based and 40-second pulsed FUS stimulations. to an ultrasonic neuromodulation system using PicoScope® 5000 Series. This system has been designed to work in parallel with the neuromodulation of non-human primates experiment. As the RF signal is applied to the subject, the power monitor system acquires, records, and calculates characteristics of the signal output by a high-power, bi-directional coupler that is in series with the transducer. All instructions below only apply to the power monitoring component of the experimental setup. There are also other system components for the neuromodulation of non-human primates experiment that will need to be incorporated but are not explained in this manual. 
knowledge of electrical current delivered to a transducer is important to ensure delivery of intended FUS exposures. There are limited options for monitoring current: built-in meters are often imprecise, and it can be difficult to successfully monitor sessions with an oscilloscope.
We present an open-source method to monitor current delivery using a programmable USB oscilloscope. 
